Niche compass (#28)
openpipelines-bio/openpipeline_spatial: CHANGELOG.md

# openpipeline_spatial (unreleased)

* `nichecompass/nichecompass`: Component to train a NicheCompass model and project latent space embeddings (PR #28).

> * `workflows/niche/nichecompass_leiden`: Workflow to perform niche analysis using NicheCompass, including spatialneighborhood calculation, NicheCompass analysis and Leiden clustering (PR #28)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `workflows/niche/nichecompass_leiden`: Workflow to perform niche analysis using NicheCompass, including spatial neighborhood calculation, NicheCompass analysis and Leiden clustering (PR #28).
```
